The very last component that we have to mention here is very,
very important, it's called the "security group," and that's a way to manage traffic.
So, let's try to see what it looks like to have a security group in here.
The security group, it goes at the level of the server or services.
So you can put it the load balancer level,
you could put it at specific instances.
Actually, I am missing one component which we're going to add here in
a moment after we mention security groups. Let's see.
So imagine this security group that is surrounding this server that we have.
The job of the security group is to provide
network traffic control at the level of the server,
not at the sub-net level,
not at the VPC level,
not at the level of the account,
but the specific server level.
So what that means is,
if I'm providing a web server and this web server only needs to
be opened on port 80 because that's
the HTTP port or traffic is going to be coming in inbound,
then you open inbound, port 80,
using a security group and you use
that same security group to deny traffic everywhere else.
And by the way, that's the default behavior.
If you don't specify any open ports,
the default behavior will lock down any other ports on that particular security group.
Once you create that security group,
you get to assign it to any resource that you want.
You can assign it to a load balancer.
You can assign it to a web server or any other machine that you have.
You can use that same security group over and over.
Just remember that it applies only to
a specific resources and not the overall infrastructure that you just created.